Feature/doc changes (#37)
retest/docs: docs/recheck-web/tutorial/travis-execute-ci.md

> 

Reviewer: Could you try to replace line 7:

```diff
-```
+```yaml
```

install: true

before_script:
  # include ChromeDriver in PATH
  - ln --symbolic /usr/lib/chromium-browser/chromedriver "${HOME}/bin/chromedriver"

script: mvn clean verify
```

> This file contains a simple configuration in YAML format, which tells Travis that we have a Java project that we want to build on a Ubuntu (Trusty) system. It also says that we want Chrome with ChromeDriver installed and in our path. Once we add this file with `git add .travis.yml`, commit with `git commit -m "add .travis.yml"` and upload it to GitHub with `git push`, we should see our Travis build fire up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file contains a simple configuration in YAML format, which tells Travis that we have a Java project that we want to build on a Ubuntu (Trusty) system. It also says that we want Chrome with ChromeDriver installed and in our path. Once we stage this file with `git add .travis.yml`, commit it via `git commit -m "Add .travis.yml"` and upload it to GitHub with `git push`, we should see our Travis build fire up.
```

  - ln --symbolic /usr/lib/chromium-browser/chromedriver "${HOME}/bin/chromedriver"

script: mvn clean verify
```

This file contains a simple configuration in YAML format, which tells Travis that we have a Java project that we want to build on a Ubuntu (Trusty) system. It also says that we want Chrome with ChromeDriver installed and in our path. Once we stage this file with `git add .travis.yml`, commit it via `git commit -m "Add .travis.yml"` and upload it to GitHub with `git push`, we should see our Travis build fire up.

Now we need to remove the following line from our tests:

```
System.setProperty("webdriver.chrome.driver", "chromedriver");
```

As of the Travis configuration, the ChromeDriver is now on the path and thus its location does not need to be set explicitly. Once we again commit and push, the tests are now executed on the Travis.

![Travis failing build](travis-failing-build.png)
 
As you can see in the screenshot, the build fails because the test is now executed on a different operating system and a different device, revealing cross-device differences. Likewise, you can execute the test with a different browser, which would reveal cross-browser differences.

> If you are using Google in your native language, that is not english, expect many differences, as Travis will compare to an english Google Homepage. Those differences can be accepted or ignored later on. If you want to, you can [set your Google language to english](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32047?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Google in your native language and that is not English, expect many differences as Travis will compare to an English Google page. Those differences can be accepted or ignored later on. Alternatively, you can explicitly request Google in English via https://google.com/?hl=en.
```
